= hashmake

* {Homepage}[https://rubygems.org/gems/hashmake]
* {Documentation}[http://rubydoc.info/gems/hashmake/frames]
* {Email}[mailto:jamestunnell@lavabit.com]

== Description

Make hash-based object initialization easy!

The hash_make method checks hashed arguments against a set of specifications, then values are assigned to instance variables matching the arg keys.

== Features
Type checking via Object#is_a?. The default type is Object, allowing anything. Can allow multiple types.
Mark as required/not. Set to true, by default.
Default value, for non-required args that aren't given. For default values that are mutable, make the default value a Proc that can be called to generate the mutable value.
Validation of values via a Proc.

== Examples

  require 'hashmake'
  
  class MyClass
    include Hashmake::HashMakeable
    
    ARG_SPECS = {
      :x => arg_spec(:reqd => true, :type => Float, :validator => ->(a){ a.between?(0.0,1.0) }),
      :y => arg_spec(:reqd => false, :type => Float, :validator => ->(a){ a.between?(0.0,1.0) }, :default => 0.0),
      :z => arg_spec_array(:reqd => false, :type => String, :validator => ->(a){ a.size > 0 })
    }
    
    attr_reader :x, :y, :z
    
    def initialize hashed_args
      hash_make(ARG_SPECS, hashed_args)
    end
  end
  
  a = MyClass.new :x => 0.5 # a.x => 0.5, a.y => 0.0
  a = MyClass.new :x => 0.5, :y => 0.2 # a.x => 0.5, a.y => 0.2
  a = MyClass.new # raise ArgumentError because :x is reqd and not given
  a = MyClass.new :y => 0.5 # raise ArgumentError because :x is reqd and not given
  
  a = MyClass.new :x => 0.5, :z => ["abc", "efg"] # OK
  a = MyClass.new :x => 0.5, :z => ["abc", ""] # raise ArgumentError, because validator requires str.size > 0
  
  class MultitypeDemo
    include Hashmake::HashMakeable

    ARG_SPECS = {
      :str_or_class => arg_spec(:reqd => true, :type => [String, Class])
    }
  end

  MultitypeDemo.new(:str_or_class => "")  # OK
  MultitypeDemo.new(:str_or_class => String)  # OK
  MultitypeDemo.new(:str_or_class => 1)  # raise ArgumentError

== Requirements

== Install

  $ gem install hashmake

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2013 James Tunnell

See LICENSE.txt for details.
